TSLA-4256 Docs: managed cluster versions (#891)
tigera/docs: calico-cloud/get-started/connect/install-cluster.mdx

1. On the **Managed Clusters** page, click **Connect Cluster**.
1. Add the **Cluster Name**, and select the **Cluster Type**.

> 1. Select the version of {{prodname}} you want to install, we recommend the latest version, which is selected by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) If you must install a specific older release, select the {{prodname}} version you want to install. We always recommend the latest version, which is installed by default.
```
A suggested rewording. This strengthens the message we want to convey: Install latest always, unless you're one of the folks who are required to install a specific version for compliance.

Author: done

   :::note

   Currently the only option available to install is the latest version. More versions will become available as newer versions are released
   and as older versions become qualified.

   :::

> 

Reviewer: I understand the idea here. But I think this note may take away more than it helps. If a user enounters a dropdown with only one version, they're unlikely to get stuck or overly frustrated. 

This time-specific note raises more questions and requires maintenance.

I'd suggest we kill the note entirely.

Author: @ozdanborne WDYT?

Reviewer: FYI @malavikabala

Author: @ctauchen In the absence of @ozdanborne, @tmjd has agreed that this should be removed, which is done now.
